Acrolinx 1/27 (#16860)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/modern-web-apps-azure/test-asp-net-core-mvc-apps.md

> *"If you don't like unit testing your product, most likely your customers won't like to test it, either."*
 > \_- Anonymous-

Software of any complexity can fail in unexpected ways in response to changes. Thus, testing after making changes is required for all but the most trivial (or least critical) applications. Manual testing is the slowest, least reliable, most expensive way to test software. Unfortunately, if applications aren't designed to be testable, it can be the only means available. Applications written to follow the architectural principles laid out in [chapter 4](architectural-principles.md) should be unit testable. ASP.NET Core applications support automated integration and functional testing.

## Kinds of automated tests

> There are many kinds of automated tests for software applications. The simplest, lowest level test is the unit test. At a slightly higher level, there are integration tests and functional tests. Other kinds of tests, like UI tests, load tests, stress tests, and smoke tests, are beyond the scope of this document.

Reviewer: would it read better with such as?

```suggestion
There are many kinds of automated tests for software applications. The simplest, lowest level test is the unit test. At a slightly higher level, there are integration tests and functional tests. Other kinds of tests, such as UI tests, load tests, stress tests, and smoke tests, are beyond the scope of this document.
```

### What to test

> A common problem for developers who are inexperienced with writing automated tests is coming up with what to test. A good starting point is to test conditional logic. Anywhere you have a method with behavior that changes based on a conditional statement (if-else, switch, etc.), you should be able to come up at least a couple of tests that confirm the correct behavior for certain conditions. If your code has error conditions, it's good to write at least one test for the "happy path" through the code (with no errors), and at least one test for the "sad path" (with errors or atypical results) to confirm your application behaves as expected in the face of errors. Finally, try to focus on testing things that can fail, rather than focusing on metrics like code coverage. More code coverage is better than less, generally. However, writing a few more tests of a complex and business-critical method is usually a better use of time than writing tests for auto-properties just to improve test code coverage metrics.

Reviewer: doesn't acrolinx also complains about etc?

also to come up at least -> come up with at least

```suggestion
A common problem for developers who are inexperienced with writing automated tests is coming up with what to test. A good starting point is to test conditional logic. Anywhere you have a method with behavior that changes based on a conditional statement (if-else, switch, and so on), you should be able to come up with at least a couple of tests that confirm the correct behavior for certain conditions. If your code has error conditions, it's good to write at least one test for the "happy path" through the code (with no errors), and at least one test for the "sad path" (with errors or atypical results) to confirm your application behaves as expected in the face of errors. Finally, try to focus on testing things that can fail, rather than focusing on metrics like code coverage. More code coverage is better than less, generally. However, writing a few more tests of a complex and business-critical method is usually a better use of time than writing tests for auto-properties just to improve test code coverage metrics.
```

Author: Good catch.
